Order a diamond piano for my daughter right away
Except for the keys, everything else needs to improve
The color should also be the best.
Yes!
Buy our grandpa a better piano
The family is no longer worthy of my baby girl.
Dad, grandpa
Your father is going to buy you a piano
Really? Are you happy?
Mom and Dad, when I was learning piano
Why don't you buy me a better one?
Can you compare with Yanyan?
You brat
What other piano do you want?
Just play it.
Even I am the president of the piano association
Don't you deserve a better piano?
Brother, you still give me a review
How dare you find you?
Brother, how did you become the president?
Let someone prostitute and steal Yanyan's music score
Pull down the second
Let Yanyan suffer so much grievance
It's good that you settle the bill with you
Mom was right
This time I'm good
Mom is all chestnut shaking fault, don't blame the fourth brother
Gee, you don't have to speak for him.
As the president of the Piano Association
The game went so wrong
That's his responsibility.
Okay okay dad so nice
Little sister, you asked the Bai family to pay only 10 million this time.
It's too cheap.
Yes, bully me twice and again
Little sister must give them some color to see
Brother, I heard that the northern suburbs
Is it necessary to bid soon in two days?
Little sister, what do you want to do?